Right now, I don't have much time to enjoy the game full-time because my job is too much and I'm too busy with my real life. But anyway, there's one game genres that always help me through my tough days, which is AFK game because it can be run in autoplay. So, I don't have to be concerned on the mobile screen often. Remember to like this video and please enjoy the video of top 10 best anime gacha games, most play autoplay games, RPG, AFK and idol Android and iOS. Turbies. This game should be on your list in 2026 as the best new gacha game mobile. It's made by Web Zen company. He has successfully delivered a nice visual anime game idol with a cool and fun ambience. It has so much color with brightness result. You know, I prefer to play this visual rather than a darker vibes. How about you? Anyway, the game story line is quite unique where the player will come into a fantasy world that we always call it as an isekai world. But I'm sure as an anime lover, you have known this word, right? Along the conversation, we will get some special cutscenes often to represent the story line becoming much better. But you all can skip it to speed up the progress. Anyway, in combat, it's full of auto game RPG. All of the basic attack will be done by an auto. We only need to manage the ultimate skill, but I prefer to tap the auto icon and let the game decide to unleash it randomly whenever the skill is ready. Ozie rewrite. Finally, we have the real anime game that was made by the original Japanese games developer because as I know anime games should be made by that country as the creator because nowadays the other regions are to dominate by this game's genre. But surely there is one thing why I really love Japan to make a game is because they always focus on the story line and how the music will be so adorable to listen to. It has a bright as the background and how most of the characters expression looks pretty happy and sharp. Seriously, it's not a dark fantasy team, which is the opposite one. So, the game play is 100% an autoplay game. We don't have to touch any skill. Just leave the game and let our hero clear stage by stage. As long as you have prepared all of the best heroes, gear, talent, skill, and synergy system. I love when the hero keep making a dialogue while in the battle. Absolutely the best AFK game on mobile. Seven connects rebirth. After huge success from the previous version, then this company continued the sequel with so much upgrade and progress that the player can easily notice by the graphic look, character design, skill visualization and story line in a highle animation. As a player, surely almost all of the veteran player come back to play the newest version and the feedback was outstanding. Even the company which is Net Marble does a magic to make it become no pay to win gacha game or free-to-play friendly. We can easily get free diamonds through an AFK mode. Even when you are offline, then the game will play by itself to do an auto grinding. The gator rate is really amazing. In fact, we'll have a guarantee of a legendary hero where we can pick as a main priority to increase the chance. The combat mechanism is full of autoplay games. Even we can set the skill in the queue and tap the auto battle. Seven K Re is absolutely the best game gota I've ever played right now. Have reached level 70. Epic 7. I don't really care how many gacha game are coming today, but most of them do not really show us serious work. Even an old game will stand still against them all, which is epic 7. I remember how this game was so hype before and even now. I can easily compare it as a better visual than the other competitor. You know, the developer keep updating and more even are consistently showing up. I love how the gacha rate is still one of the best no pay to win gacha game mobile. We can easily get a highquality hero through a simple gacha. We don't have to put a lot of effort into getting it. It has the most stunning visual with a magnificent skill visual. The animation is top here and how charming the characters voice over. So we can easily know their characteristic through it. Some heroes have a cute, elegant and brave behavior that we can point through their main voice autoplay game mobile RPG. Fantasy of like this game is really newbie friendly and also how the game can run on a low-end pawn even when you set the graphic highest then it's all fine and I'm sure it will run super smooth on any device you have. The reason why I told you it's a newbie friendly is because you will get a free legendary hero since you started the game with an overpowered sub strength will be the best hero to wipe the enemy out in the beginning or in the earest journey. While in game everything will automatically play the basic attack and skill will play in auto. There are some expedition features that you can play daily for an endless combat. A piece for the dungeon raid and also group boss battle dream and lee record. You know most of the anime will be made from a different country like Japanese or Korean. But Chinese regionals always show us the identical looks to represent that country like the character's name, the hero's appearance and how they object around us. I think this is the best way to introduce the world about the culture from a certain country through a game. This is a side scrolling base where the player can follow the main story line just by tapping the main quest icon. Then the character will move by herself. The combat it has 100% auto play. We just need to adjust the game speed to speed up the progress. Even though it's kind of an idol game, but the developer actively add a story line along the game play. Dragon Roger Reise. This game is a mustplay game idol you should have on your phone. It's 100% I would like to recommend it to you to enjoy the whole game play. Now it has one of the best graphic from so many aspect. The skill visualization is so stunning. The character design looks charming and it has a lot of male characters while the other gacha game is only focusing on a female one. If you really want to play an AFK game, surely it will hook you within a second. The combat battle is pretty casual. Every single action should be done by an auto. So you don't have any right to pick which skill you would like to release first. We just need to be more concerned about a strengthening up the hero's power like some gear, equipment, skill, and level. Then just let the game play by itself while we are away from the pawn. Such an easy idol game, right? Outer plane. I would say it's a hidden game. I remember how this game was one of the most played gacha game RPG on mobile when it released globally. Even the developer never did any beta testing, but surprisingly the game's quality is familiar within any console game. I'm sure you will never get bored while playing it. It's because every single skill will show you the best visual with a lot of attention to detail and highle camera angle to make the visual even more dynamic in a different perspective. The combat mechanism have a lot of option. Chain attack to make a combination strike with the other hero and deal a multiple damage and unleash their regular skill and ultimate when it's ready. There are so many daily dungeons we can play to earn a different material for powering up your favorite hero. Anyway, every single hero will have their own element skill. So, we need to understand the hero's active and passive skill to maximize the damage number based on the enemy's weaknesses. Dragon Traveler. Finally, we have an update about it. And even the whole visual looks way better with so much enhancement and progress that I can easily notice comparing within the previous version. Right now, it has an English version with a great voice over of the hero. And now I can see how they add so much dialogue to deliver the story line to the player. I love every character expression. It just made the hero look alive. But anyway, it's not a role playing game base because the main game play is on idle or afk base. All of the characters will clear the entire area by an auto. Every successful hit will recharge the energy. Of course, the energy can be used for realizing the skill. It doesn't have any special animation on the skill showcase which make the battle faster and save your time a lot. Face the world boss against a dragon and playing with the other player is possible to collect a legendary item. The promise this game is in development right now. It's been doing beta testing for about two times as I remember. This game is 100% autoplay especially the combat system. All of the gauge matter will recharge automatically over time. So, we don't have to worry about how it filled up. Even when your hero missed the attack, it's not really a problem because the skill damage number is way bigger than a normal attack. Once we clear each stage, then the dialogue will always show up. But you can skip the conversation to keep going on with your progress. But I really hope the developer will increase graphic visual and make it have an option to select ultra setting. Bonus go muffins. I'm sure everyone has ever played it. Honestly, this is the best portrait idol game RPG I know. If you really want to play a simple game, casual and easy to play, I don't have any option except it by the vertical perspective. Starting from the beginning, you don't have to touch any single button at all. Your main team will keep going forward as long as you keep on the right track by killing the enemy that only show up frequently. This game needs good team work, which I mean all of the allies should get an improvement at all because the synergy between your teammate will help you a lot to clear any enemy in front of you. Sometimes you can recheck your progress, but using one finger is enough to navigate and control the entire hero. These all are the best new idol you can play on mobile. Remember to like this video and see on the next list. Thanks.